1. Suppose a newly born pair of rabbits, one male and one female, are put in a field. Rabbits can mate at the age of one month so that at the end of its second month, a female has produced another pair of rabbits. Suppose that our rabbits never die and that the female always produces one new pair every month from the second month. Develop a program to show a table containing the number of pairs of rabbits in the first N months.

2.Write a program to read a string containing numbers separated by a space and convert it as a list of integers. Perform the following operations on it.
3.Rotate elements in a list by 'k' position to the right
4.Convert the list into a tuple using list comprehension
5.Remove all duplicates from the tuple and convert them into a list again.
6.Create another list by putting the results of the evaluation of the function f(x) = x
2 – x with each element in the
final list

5.After sorting them individually, merge the two lists to create a single sorted list.

3.
1.Read the file 'iris.json' as a text file :

2 Create a list having each line of the file as an element
3 Convert it into a list of dictionary objects.
4 Show the details of all flowers whose species is "setosa".
5 Print the minimum petal area and max sepal area in each species
6 Sort the list of dictionaries according to the total area are sepal and petal.


4.Write a program to create a class Box with data members length,
breadth, height, area, and volume. Provider constructor that enables
initialization with one parameter (for cube), two parameters (for
square prism) three parameters (rectangular prism). Also, provide
functions to calculate area and volume.
Create a list of N boxes with random measurements and print the
details of the box with maximum volume: area ratio.

5. Write a program to create a parent class, 3DShapes, with methods
printVolume() and printArea(), which prints the Volume and Area,
respectively. Create classes Cylinder and Sphere by inheriting
3DShapes class. Using these child classes, calculate and print the
volume and area of a cylinder and sphere.